Add doc for extractor mocks (#31)
TeamNewPipe/documentation: docs/05_Mock_tests.md

# Mock Tests

> A web crawler is by nature dependant on the external service which it is crawling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A web crawler is, by its very nature, dependent on the external service which it is crawling.
```

In order to have a reliable CI pipeline, this external dependency needs to be removed.

> For this there is a system in place to automatically save the requests made to a service and their responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this, there is a system in place to automatically save the requests made to a service, as well as the responses received.
```

> These can then be used in CI to reliably test changes made to the Extractor and not have test failures due to API changes on the side of the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These can then be used in the CI to reliably test changes made to the Extractor and not have test failures due to API changes on the side of the service.
```

Author: If a "the" is added I would change it to `the CI pipeline`.
`the CI` sound weird

Thoughts?

Reviewer: Agreed.

Author: ```suggestion
These can then be used in the CI pipeline to reliably test changes made to the Extractor and not have test failures due to API changes on the side of the service.
```

> These can then be used in the CI pipeline to reliably test changes made to the Extractor and not have test failures due to API changes on the side of the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These can then be used in the CI pipeline to reliably test changes made to the Extractor, and avoid test failures due to API changes on the side of the service.
```

## Multiple downloader implementations

There are multiple implementations of the abstract class `Downloader`

1. `DownloaderTestImpl` is used for running the test against the actual service.

> 2. `RecordingDownloader` is used the save the request and response to the disk, thus creating the mock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `RecordingDownloader` is used to save the request and response to the disk, thus creating the mock.
```

> 2. `RecordingDownloader` is used to save the request and response to the disk, thus creating the mock.

Reviewer: Nothing wrong here, just thinking it would be better to use hardware storage-agnostic terms.

```suggestion
2. `RecordingDownloader` is used to save the request and response to a file, thus creating the mock.
```

> 3. `MockDownloader` is used to answer requests with the saved mocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `MockDownloader` is used to answer requests using the saved mocks.
```

### Usage

There are 2 ways to specify which downloader should be used.

First one is passing the `-Ddownloader=<value>` argument from the command line, where `value` can be one of
[DownloaderType](https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipeExtractor/blob/dev/extractor/src/test/java/org/schabi/newpipe/downloader/DownloaderType.java)

> . The main usecase is in the CI pipeline like this: `./gradlew check --stacktrace -Ddownloader=MOCK`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The main use case is in the CI pipeline, like this: `./gradlew check --stacktrace -Ddownloader=MOCK`.  
```

> Other than that it can also be used to mass generate mocks by specifying which package should be tested. As example if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other than that it can also be used to mass generate mocks by specifying which package should be tested. For example, if
```

one wanted to update all YouTube mocks:
`gradle clean test --tests 'org.schabi.newpipe.extractor.services.youtube.*' -Ddownloader=RECORDING`

The second way is changing the field `DownloaderFactory.DEFAULT_DOWNLOADER`.

> The default value is `DownloaderType.REAL` which should be changed on the master branch.

Reviewer 2: should or shouldn't? I don't see why downloader type shouldbe changed on the master branch

Author: Ehhh, `shoud not`

Author: ```suggestion
The default value is `DownloaderType.REAL` which should not be changed on the master branch.
```

Locally one can change this to `DownloaderType.RECORDING`, run the tests and commit
the generated mocks.  
This is the main use case for when developing locally.

### Mock only tests

There are some things which cannot ever be tested reliably against an actual service.

> For example tests for an upcoming livestream would fail, after the livestream was started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, tests for an upcoming livestream would fail after the livestream starts.
```

> For this there is a marker interface `MockOnly` and a custom TestRule `MockOnlyRule`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this, there is a marker interface `MockOnly`, and a custom TestRule `MockOnlyRule`.
```
